and it came to pass when Jabin king of
and it came to pass when Jabin king of hazel heard these things that he sent to
hazel heard these things that he sent to
hazel heard these things that he sent to jobab king of maidan to the king of
jobab king of maidan to the king of
jobab king of maidan to the king of Shimla to the king of our chef and to
Shimla to the king of our chef and to
Shimla to the king of our chef and to the Kings who were from the north in the
the Kings who were from the north in the
the Kings who were from the north in the mountains in the plain south of kynareth
mountains in the plain south of kynareth
mountains in the plain south of kynareth in the lowland and in the heights of
in the lowland and in the heights of
in the lowland and in the heights of door on the west to the Canaanites in
door on the west to the Canaanites in
door on the west to the Canaanites in the east and in the West the amorite the
the east and in the West the amorite the
the east and in the West the amorite the hittite the perizzite the Jeb you sight
hittite the perizzite the Jeb you sight
hittite the perizzite the Jeb you sight in the mountains and the height below
in the mountains and the height below
in the mountains and the height below Hermon in the land of mr. so they went
Hermon in the land of mr. so they went
Hermon in the land of mr. so they went out they and all their armies with them
out they and all their armies with them
out they and all their armies with them as many people as the sand that is on
as many people as the sand that is on
as many people as the sand that is on the seashore in multitude with very many
the seashore in multitude with very many
the seashore in multitude with very many horses and chariots and when all these
horses and chariots and when all these
horses and chariots and when all these Kings had met together they came and
Kings had met together they came and
Kings had met together they came and camped together at the waters of Mira to
camped together at the waters of Mira to
camped together at the waters of Mira to fight against Israel but the Lord said
fight against Israel but the Lord said
fight against Israel but the Lord said to Joshua do not be afraid because of
to Joshua do not be afraid because of
to Joshua do not be afraid because of them for tomorrow about this time I will
them for tomorrow about this time I will
them for tomorrow about this time I will deliver all of them slain before Israel
deliver all of them slain before Israel
deliver all of them slain before Israel you shall hamstring their horses and
you shall hamstring their horses and
you shall hamstring their horses and burn their chariots with fire so Joshua
burn their chariots with fire so Joshua
burn their chariots with fire so Joshua and all the people of war with him came
and all the people of war with him came
and all the people of war with him came against them suddenly by the waters of
against them suddenly by the waters of
against them suddenly by the waters of mirin and they attacked them and the
mirin and they attacked them and the
mirin and they attacked them and the Lord delivered them into the hand of
Lord delivered them into the hand of
Lord delivered them into the hand of Israel who defeated them and chased them
Israel who defeated them and chased them
Israel who defeated them and chased them to greater Sidon to the brook misra
to greater Sidon to the brook misra
to greater Sidon to the brook misra faith and to the valley of Mizpah
faith and to the valley of Mizpah
faith and to the valley of Mizpah eastward they attacked them until they
eastward they attacked them until they
eastward they attacked them until they left none of them remaining so Joshua
left none of them remaining so Joshua
left none of them remaining so Joshua did to them as the Lord had told him he
did to them as the Lord had told him he
did to them as the Lord had told him he hamstrung their horses and burned their
hamstrung their horses and burned their
hamstrung their horses and burned their chariots with fire
chariots with fire
chariots with fire Joshua turned back at that time and took
Joshua turned back at that time and took
Joshua turned back at that time and took Hazen and struck its king with the sword
Hazen and struck its king with the sword
Hazen and struck its king with the sword for Heiser was formerly the head of all
for Heiser was formerly the head of all
for Heiser was formerly the head of all those kingdoms
those kingdoms
those kingdoms and they struck all the people who were
and they struck all the people who were
and they struck all the people who were in it with the edge of the sword utterly
in it with the edge of the sword utterly
in it with the edge of the sword utterly destroying them there was none left
destroying them there was none left
destroying them there was none left breathing when he burned Heiser with
breathing when he burned Heiser with
breathing when he burned Heiser with fire so all the cities of those kings
fire so all the cities of those kings
fire so all the cities of those kings and all their kings Joshua took and
and all their kings Joshua took and
and all their kings Joshua took and struck with the edge of the sword he
struck with the edge of the sword he
struck with the edge of the sword he utterly destroyed them as Moses the
utterly destroyed them as Moses the
utterly destroyed them as Moses the servant of the Lord had commanded but as
servant of the Lord had commanded but as
servant of the Lord had commanded but as for the cities that stood on their
for the cities that stood on their
for the cities that stood on their mounds Israel burned none of them except
mounds Israel burned none of them except
mounds Israel burned none of them except haze or only which Joshua burned and all
haze or only which Joshua burned and all
haze or only which Joshua burned and all the spoil of these cities and the
the spoil of these cities and the
the spoil of these cities and the livestock the children of Israel took
livestock the children of Israel took
livestock the children of Israel took his booty for themselves but they struck
his booty for themselves but they struck
his booty for themselves but they struck every man with the edge of the sword
every man with the edge of the sword
every man with the edge of the sword until they had destroyed them and they
until they had destroyed them and they
until they had destroyed them and they left not breathing as the Lord had
left not breathing as the Lord had
left not breathing as the Lord had commanded Moses his servant
commanded Moses his servant
commanded Moses his servant so Moses commanded Joshua and so Joshua
so Moses commanded Joshua and so Joshua
so Moses commanded Joshua and so Joshua did he left nothing undone of all that
did he left nothing undone of all that
did he left nothing undone of all that the Lord had commanded Moses thus Joshua
the Lord had commanded Moses thus Joshua
the Lord had commanded Moses thus Joshua took all this land for mountain country
took all this land for mountain country
took all this land for mountain country all the south all the land of goshen the
all the south all the land of goshen the
all the south all the land of goshen the lowland and the Jordan plain the
lowland and the Jordan plain the
lowland and the Jordan plain the mountains of Israel and its lowlands
mountains of Israel and its lowlands
mountains of Israel and its lowlands from Mount Halleck and the ascent to see
from Mount Halleck and the ascent to see
from Mount Halleck and the ascent to see even as far as Bale GAD in the valley of
even as far as Bale GAD in the valley of
even as far as Bale GAD in the valley of Lebanon below Mount Hermon he captured
Lebanon below Mount Hermon he captured
Lebanon below Mount Hermon he captured all their kings and struck them down and
all their kings and struck them down and
all their kings and struck them down and killed them Joshua made war a long time
killed them Joshua made war a long time
killed them Joshua made war a long time with all those kings there was not a
with all those kings there was not a
with all those kings there was not a city that made peace with the children
city that made peace with the children
city that made peace with the children of Israel except the high vice the
of Israel except the high vice the
of Israel except the high vice the inhabitants of Gibeon all the others
inhabitants of Gibeon all the others
inhabitants of Gibeon all the others they took in battle
they took in battle
they took in battle for it resolved the Lord to harden their
for it resolved the Lord to harden their
for it resolved the Lord to harden their hearts but they should come against
hearts but they should come against
hearts but they should come against Israel in battle that he might cut early
Israel in battle that he might cut early
Israel in battle that he might cut early destroy them and that they might receive
destroy them and that they might receive
destroy them and that they might receive no mercy but that he might destroy them
no mercy but that he might destroy them
no mercy but that he might destroy them as the Lord had commanded Moses and at
as the Lord had commanded Moses and at
as the Lord had commanded Moses and at that time Joshua came and cut off the
that time Joshua came and cut off the
that time Joshua came and cut off the Anakim from the mountains from Hebron
Anakim from the mountains from Hebron
Anakim from the mountains from Hebron from diba from a Knab
from diba from a Knab
from diba from a Knab from all the mountains of Judah and from
from all the mountains of Judah and from
from all the mountains of Judah and from all the mountains of Israel
all the mountains of Israel
all the mountains of Israel Joshua utterly destroyed them with their
Joshua utterly destroyed them with their
Joshua utterly destroyed them with their cities
cities
cities none of the Anakin were left in the land
none of the Anakin were left in the land
none of the Anakin were left in the land of the children of Israel they remained
of the children of Israel they remained
of the children of Israel they remained only in Gaza in Gath and in Ashdod so
only in Gaza in Gath and in Ashdod so
only in Gaza in Gath and in Ashdod so Joshua took the whole land according to
Joshua took the whole land according to
Joshua took the whole land according to all that the Lord had said to Moses and
all that the Lord had said to Moses and
all that the Lord had said to Moses and Joshua gave it as an inheritance to
Joshua gave it as an inheritance to
Joshua gave it as an inheritance to Israel according to their divisions by
Israel according to their divisions by
Israel according to their divisions by their tribes then the land rested from
their tribes then the land rested from
their tribes then the land rested from war
war
war [Music]